Mariachi.
Well, she said, her favorite food.
Oh.
mmh
Yeah.
fair enough.
Oh. I'm already going next month. So, for the first time.
With a friend.
Yeah. Well, I'm going with my friend who's Mexican so he might not mind it.
Ah... we sail off to Chongqing.
Yeah. Chongqing. Yeah. Me too. Me too.
Yeah, so like... I don't know but a...
like a lot of Western influence in Chongqing.
and apparently it's also like the gay capital of China
Yeah. So, just like...
Yeah. I know like that. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Very advance. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah so like you're on the 20th floor but it looks like you're on ground level.
Because there's so... so much stuff to do unlike on the 20th levels and outdoors.
Yeah.
Chongqing.
So it looks like you're living in like 2050.
Like in the future. Yeah.
life.
Yeah... Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, they have like the biggest
um... Hot Pot, pot place in the world, in Chongqing.
There's like, Yeah. There's like um... the seats there's like 5,800 seats
like in that Hot Pot. Yeah, It's crazy.
It's like in the middle of this.... Yeah. Very minimal. Yeah.
No, I think that's different one. I think it's like the theater. I think I know what you're talking about.
Oh. I've never heard that before.
I don't think I've seen that one. Yeah. Yeah.
Wow.
Okay. Yeah...
Um... March 1st.
So...
mmh
uh for like nine days because we need to have a visa to go there but since i'm
I'm going there without a visa. I can only stay there for 10 days max.
Yeah. No Visa.
Yeah. So...
People with like U.S. passport, they can stay up until 10 days.
Yeah, if you want to be over 10 days, you have to get a visa. And that costs a lot.
and then you can only stay in one city coz you can't go out of the city. Yeah.
Oh, that's. That's fine. Yeah, you'll need a visa though. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Big dreams.